okay guys so let's start off this
masterclass by warming up everybody get
to your feet shake it off shake it off
shake it off don't jump up and down just
shake it up okay I'm like selling all
right let's start with a smiling
exercise everybody give a sincere smile
it shows that you accept your fellow
Stephanie what is that a smiling
exercise to go a real extreme big big
smile lets people now Stephanie what are
you doing it hard for you to smile okay
let's do it then there you go now keep
that everybody do a big smile a really
big smile bigger okay now what we're
going to do is a the gibberish exercise
who can tell me how the gibberish
exercise works you perform a scene but
instead of real word to use made up
gibberish words but you try to
communicate great so once you step in
there someone else step in there and
let's start gibberish exercise beginning
hello slack in tingle pinkish okay
slackin is is a scandinavian word you
could step out and let's get two more
people unless please let's do gibberish
and begin yeah fuck shit ass hey what's
the hell you should say yeah fuck shit
ass dick dick it's like when like
Tourette's people say like weird random
stuff too like fuck shit cock I don't
want you playing at rhetts character
you're supposed to do gibberish two more
I was fun plex token taunton rangan and
nonton um la la la la la la la la
something you sing and you sounded like
a Klingon okay note taken I feel like I
don't
more often in essence the class started
i started confidence before the class I
thought I did let's do it again you to
jump in the middle how that cocoon Todd
cheat on a teen pop OH ching chong ching
chong cheated on Tom okay you're
shelling you're doing awful Chinese
stereotype I was just being a rabbit oh
you're doing a rabbit that speaks let's
just wrap it may be the only animal
besides a giraffe it doesn't speak yeah
let's just see where no you can't do it
again you fail I want everybody to work
on your gibberish alone by the way is
homework